feat: document experimental static headers (#11971)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/node.mdx

});
```

### `experimentalStaticHeaders`

<p>
  **Type:** `boolean` <br />
</p>

> If enabled, the adapter will serve the headers of the static pages using the `Response` object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If enabled, the adapter will serve the headers of prerendered pages using the `Response` object when provided by Astro features, such as Content Security Policy.
```

> Here is the list of the headers that are added:
> - The CSP header of the static pages is added when CSP support is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when [experimental Content Security Policy](/en/reference/experimental-flags/csp/) is enabled, `experimentalStaticHeaders` can be used to add the CSP headers to the `Response` object instead of creating a `<meta>` element:
```
